[calm music]
[bird screeches]
[ominous music]
[Heron grunts]
[men groaning]
Where are they taking us?
You don't want to know.
-[demon 1] No talking!
-[groans]
-[grunts]
-[sucks teeth]
Obviously, he whipped us
just a little harder than you.
Obviously.
You asked where they're taking us.
There's your answer.
[suspenseful music]
[man 1] No one escapes the galleys.
[ominous choral music plays]
[calm music]
[tranquil music]
[cawing]
[inaudible dialogue]
Hello?
[distant clatter]
Chiron?
[ominous music]
Ah, how long has it been?
Too long.
Last I heard, you were crowned
"Wise King of the Forest."
Eh… Wise and foolish
are often one and the same.
A teacher once told me…
"Absorb, what is useful,
discard what is not."
And add what is uniquely your own.
I wish it were that easy.
And to what do I owe the honor?
I need your help.
[Alexia] Within this map is another,
hidden with guile and skill.
I couldn't translate
the writing along the edges.4
What does it say?
It's the key to their labyrinth.
Where they keep the giant remains.
There are no reference points,
no way to orient where to begin.
That's because it's a Star Map,
keyed to a constellation.
[Chiron] See?
Cassiopeia.
And what the writing here says
is that it's married to the calendar.
[scrapes]
[enticing music plays]
So, considering the spin of the night sky,
this would be due north.
I knew only you could make sense of this.
But if you knew that…
so would your enemy.
[gasps]
[ominous music plays]
[Chiron] I'm sorry.
I didn't have a choice.
They arrived just before you did.
[Chiron] I couldn't risk open war
and the lives of my people.
Even for you.
[Seraphim]
Throw down your weapons.
-[grunts]
-[groans]
[roars]
No, don't!
Ah!
[grunting]
Don't.
[grunts]
Here's the map.
[dramatic music playing]
[sighs]
-Take her away.
-[Chiron] No!
She stays with me. That was the deal.
It's her or your people. You decide.
[brooding music plays]
[foreboding music plays]
They're my consolation prize
from the Pankration Games.
You were in the Games?
This one can be quite convincing
when he wants to be.
-He talked them into letting me fight.
-How?
There was money to be made. How else?
He knew the Greeks
wouldn't bet on a Black man.
So he did.
And it paid off for both of us.
That slab of meat you're sitting next to
is the three-time champion.
It would have been four,
but there was no one left to fight.
Time to test your mettle again.
I have an idea.
[distant roaring]
[Seraphim] You've never seen a giant.
When you do, when you feel its power…
you'll understand.
I'll never convert.
You're wasting your time.
-I hope not.
-[crow caws]
It would be a shame to kill you.
-She's good with a sword, isn't she?
-Yes, my lord.
But she is still a mortal, is she not?
[Seraphim] Are we the strong
or are we the weak?
The strong.
And how do we stay strong?
[groans]
We cull the weak.
Kneel.
Again?
[groans]
Always.
[Seraphim] What do you want?
I told you I'd help you find Alexia.
[Hera] Now, I need you
to retrieve a sword for me.
And kill the man meant to wield it.
What sword? What man?
The man, he's now a prisoner
on one of your ships.
And the sword?
It was forged by a god.
It can cut through any rock, metal,
any material of this Earth.
Not even Hephaestus's armor
can withstand it.
You'll need it… to destroy Talos.
Talos?
Is that what you want?
[tense music]
Get her to Melidoni.
[Hera] The man…
he's now a prisoner on one of your ships.
[vibrant orchestral music plays]
Don't you want to know about your mother?
Your real mother?
[Seraphim] What sword?
[Hera] It was forged by a god.
[somber music plays]
[blows air]
It can cut through any rock, metal,
any material of this Earth.
Mm.
[Hera] Not even Hephaestus's armor
can withstand it.
[roaring orchestral music]
[panting]
[Heron] They're going to refill them soon.
You know what to do.
One last thing.
What are your names?
Evios.
Kofi.
I'm Heron.
Uh, permission to…
to use the chamber pot?
I need to go.
No, I asked first.
-I don't care!
-I asked--
-Out of my way!
-Get your hands off me!
[grunting]
Enough!
[groans]
Now neither of you can go!
My… my sincerest apologies,
O… O mighty one.
[ominous music]
[keys clinking]
[whispering] Come on, hurry!
No, wait.
-We're running out of time.
-Hold.
-Now!
-[groans]
[grunting]
[adventurous music plays]
-[groans]
-[body thuds]
[grunts]
[suspenseful music]
[groans]
[heroic music plays]
[grunts]
[body thuds]
-[scrapes]
-[grunts]
[groans]
Free yourselves.
[adventurous music plays]
[both grunting]
[horn blows]
[ominous music]
I'll take it from here.
What are you doing?
What I do best.
Ramming speed.
Now!
[groans]
[crashing]
[men yelp]
[gasps]
-[rumbling]
-Father.
I saw Hera with the demon leader.
Seraphim.
What? When?
This morning.
When I was retrieving a soul from a demon.
[rumbling]
[Zeus] What was said?
[Hermes] I couldn't hear them,
but… they were conspiring nonetheless.
[approaching footsteps]
[crow cawing]
If I had to guess,
I'd say she was helping Seraphim
sway the war in the demon's favor.
[water churning]
[distant roar]
[gasps]
[choral sinister music plays]
[grunts]
[rattling]
[splashes]
[rumbling]
[clatters]
We meet again.
The sword.
He's not ready.
[Zeus] It's no coincidence
that you came to me with this now.
The will of The Fates is clear.
[crackles]
[grunts]
[intense choral music plays]
[crackling]
[gasping]
[thunder rumbling]
[growls]
[grunts]
[crackling]
[intense choral music]
[frizzles]
[distant explosion]
[intense music continues]
[explodes]
[panting]
[thunder rumbling]
-[panting]
-[crackles]
[sighs]
[somber music]
[somber music continues]
[foreboding music]
[closing theme music]